HOSTEL FACILITIES
8 hostels (4 Boys & 4 Girls)
Furnished Rooms with laundry services
Dining Facility-Four times unlimited
Medical Facility
Indoor & Outdoor Sports Facility
Gymnasium
Wi-Fi Enabled Campus
24-hour CCTV Security
24-hours drinking water facility


HOSTEL – A FAMILY AWAY FROM HOME…
The campus is residential and offers an environment full of opportunities for personal growth. Currently, there are 6 well-planned hostels of which 3 are for girls.
Rooms with attached washroom, bed, table, chair and almirahs.
Free internet connectivity through Wi-Fi system for scheduled timing for academic purposes
only and subject to conditions.
Hostel provides good and safe facilities of lodging and boarding to cater to the needs of outstation students.
The Hostels have provisions for hot water round the clock, through solar heaters.
There are separate study Halls in addition to well established central Libraries of the respective Institutions at the Campus.
The views from each hostel room are designed so as to bring the feeling of nature into interior spaces. One of the natural depressions in the site has been developed as an amphitheater and another as the sports arena.
Every hostel is supervised by the warden and a faculty-in-charge, who ensure that utmost care is taken to provide best amenities to the students.
A rooftop open air theater has been built for enjoying sunsets, and perhaps, dreaming of new horizons.
Accommodation facilities are spacious and comfortable and cater to personal needs adequately.
A vast range of cultural, athletic and social activities are available to students. In addition to the other campus hubs of interaction, the common rooms in every hostel too are popular for everyday get-togethers.
Every common room has various indoor gaming facilities like table tennis, carom and chess. In addition hostel has a volleyball court attached to it.
In campus Hospital with ambulance to provide medical assistance to students.
To make the stay of the students a pleasant one they are constantly involved by organizing various celebrations, events and activities likes cultural activities, sports, debates and declamations.

COUNSELING
In addition, the residential facilities also have counselors who are there to solve the problems of students in context of family issues, studies, home sickness etc. These counselors are regarded as best friends by the students who provide ready tips on how to tackle these everyday stressful situations. Also for counseling and psychological support, the University offers on campus Counseling and Psychological Support Services.

SECURITY – CERTIFIED ASSISTANCE 24/7
24-hour emergency response devices and patrols
Late-Night transport/escort service
Required and Optional safety courses
In-house transport services for medical emergencies.
There is an emergency Ambulance van available round the clock.

MEDICAL FACILITY
24-hour emergency response devices and patrols
Late-Night transport/escort service
Required and Optional safety courses
In-house transport services for medical emergencies.
There is an emergency Ambulance van available round the clock

HYGIENIC MESS SERVICES
The Mess provides fresh & hygienic food to students.
The campus mess is well equipped with modern steam cooking and utensils.
Large mess hall with a facility for more than 650 members to dine at a time enables all students and staff to have their food
Arrangement has been made for the boys and girls to dine separately
Mess serve wholesome and hygienic food four times a day i.e. Breakfast-Lunch-snacks and Dinner facility 

LAUNDRY SERVICES
Laundry Services are available in the University Campus.
Delivery and collection is generally done in a bag with proper identification number of the user at specified place in Residential Compound.
///
GYMNASIUM
Keeping in mind the health and fitness of its students and staff, the University provides a state-of-the-art gymnasium, fully-equipped with the latest equipment within the campus. Instructors and trainers are also available to train the students and staff.
//
SPORTS 	
With a view to develop the all round personality of the students, the University emphasizes as much on sports as on academics. The University encourages students to attain sporting excellence and provides all the necessary facilities and equipment to the students for maintaining physical fitness and good health. Students are given training by coaches.The infrastructure has been designed with good facilities for sports as well as recreational activities. The University has top sports facilities including the following:
Cricket Ground
Football Grounds
Tennis Court
Basket Ball Courts
Badminton Courts
Volleyball Courts
Kabaddi Courts
Kho-kho Court
Table tennis facility
Fitness and strength conditioning centres (Pieces of cardiovascular equipment and an extensive free weights area)
Facility for Aerobics and Dance etc
//
ATM FACILITY
University offers elaborate banking services within the campus premises.
//
WI-FI ENABLED RESIDENTIAL CAMPUS
The Wi-Fi internet facility allows students & faculty to share, download and access information on campus.
//
R.O. PLANT
R.O. Plant takes care of pure and safe drinking water on campus.